c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\SkoolMgmt.dll.config
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\SkoolMgmt.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\SkoolMgmt.pdb
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.dll
c:\users\programmer\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.pdb
C:\Users\Programmer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.Migrations.InitialStart.resources
C:\Users\Programmer\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\SkoolMgmt.dll.config
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\SkoolMgmt.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\SkoolMgmt.pdb
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Owin.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.Migrations.InitialStart.resources
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.dll
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.pdb
D:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.Migrations.AddNameToApplcationUser.resources
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\SkoolMgmt.dll.config
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\SkoolMgmt.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\SkoolMgmt.pdb
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Owin.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\WebGrease.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.Migrations.InitialStart.resources
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.Migrations.AddNameToApplcationUser.resources
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.dll
H:\SkoolMgmt\SkoolMgmt\obj\Debug\SkoolMgmt.pdb
